    Title: 11 at 11 online meetup
    Date: 2020-04-18T20:23:37
    Tags: 11at11, circular economy, crowdsourcing 
    Authors: Andrea Magnorsky

You are interested in helping the environment and you don't know where to start? Why not taking part in an [#11at11](https://twitter.com/search?q=%2311at11&src=typeahead_click&f=live) event.


<!-- more -->

## Structure of the meeting

- Meet online at 11am.
- Meet for 11 minutes.
- Brainstorm ideas on a given topic.
- Give meeting url and password ahead of time.

## Outcome of first meeting

- There was 4 participants
- We finished the meeting in just under 15 minutes

## Actions

These are the actions that were suggested collectively. The participants agreed to the ideas being posted in this blog.

* Use an app that suggests and track daily actions that are to improve the environment. (Will update with App name(s))

* Recycling clothes: given the current Corona virus epidemic face masks are necessary. It can be good for the environment if we learn to re-use clothes that are not fit for purpose anymore. Related: Hackathon about it: [Ethical fashion initiative](https://ethicalfashioninitiative.org/hackathon)  

* Get out of your own bubble. Since all events are online these days, attend an event about something outside your comfort zone. One of the participants attended an event where they learned about very interesting development in battery technology.

* An easy action: Join climateAction.tech slack. Great place to share with a group of people who are all interested in improving the environment.



## Retrospective

* It felt like we got a lot done in a very short time.
* Felt a little intimidated at first, but that is normal in any meeting.
* The topic was a little loose, Can we get more focused ideas if the discussion is more constrained?  We'll need to test.
* Not sure 11 minutes is enough. The positive of 11 minutes is that it is very easy to commit to that, at the same time, it stopped in depth discussions.

I look forward to feedback.